techzone_readme

click to view
in the left-hand plane click Environments
move your cursor over "ocpv-cloud environment" button in the IIS 117.1.6 with MettleCI window.  Click to "Reserve It"
populate the name  (i.e. Peer Review )
	and a brief description.  (ie.  This is a Peer Review of the IIS install )
Click Next
For Purpose choose "Test"
Click Next
Choose a Geography from the list  (closest to where the environment is to be hosted)
Click Next
Note: Environment will be available for 12 hours from the time the reservation request is made
Click Review (ignore what is says about configuration. this will be overwritten by playbook)
Click box to agree to Techzone terms and conditions
Click Submit
Note:you can track the progress of your request by clicking the button
You will recieve 3 successive emails Scheduled, Provision and Ready.  The "Ready" email will contain the detailed information for connecting to the requested environment.

Note: it can take over an hour between the Sheduled and Ready messages.

In the Ready message click the view your request button.
In the Environments section of the window, Click the "^" next to enviornment name (IIS 117.1.6 with MettleCI) to open the drop down of environment details.
Copy the "The generic user password for accessing the virtual machine."  You will need it in a moment to login to the server-1
Click the console URL on the right hand side of the page.
Login with your IBM W3ID
Click the console button on the server window
Choose "Use VNC Instead"
Click anywhere in the screen a hit <RETURN> to bring up a login prompt
UserID: itzuser
Passwd: <copied password from previous step>
Note:  to enter password use the "Send Text" button at the top of the window.  Paste password from clipboard. Add <CR>. Click Send.

[itzuser@server-1]$ tail -f /tmp/post_deploy_repo/post_deploy_play.log

you are looking for the completion message "Tiered installation complete..." (this signifies that the server install was successful)
Note:  This could take 3.5 hrs from the time of the READY message 

Return to the Techzone OCPv Console tab.   (it should still be open)
Click the Console button
Choose "Connect with RDP"
You can close the Server Manager Windows. (ignore any errors)

Open DSDesigner and login
Host: 10.10.10.201:59445
User Name: isadmin
Password: 9BaAMKZjzmTiDcJtRb. (cut and paste is unlikely to work)

Click project dropdown. Say yes to certificate message

Choose "SERVER-1/dstage1"

Designer window should open in the dstage1 project

"SUCCESS!!!"



